Add image generation docs openwebui (#994)
lemonade-sdk/lemonade: docs/server/apps/open-webui.md

    6. If you want to add more parameters, add them to the text field as JSON. For example: `{ "steps": 4, "cfg_scale": 1 }`. See available parameters at [Image Generation (Stable Diffusion CPP)](https://lemonade-server.ai/docs/server/server_models/#image-generation-stable-diffusion-cpp).
    7. Add your model name to `Model`, e.g., `SDXL-Turbo`.
    8. Click `Save`.

**Allow Image Generation for Model**

Enable Image Generation as a capability for your model:
    1. Go to Admin > Settings > Models and choose your model.
    2. Turn on `Image Generation`. If you want start chat always with image generation, also toggle the default option.

**Option 1: Using Image Generation Switch**

To generate an image:
    1. Toggle the `Image Generation` switch in the chat on.
    2. Enter your image generation prompt.
    3. Click `Send`.

**Option 2: Native Tool-Based Generation (Agentic)**

This mode uses tool calling for image generation and is recommended for high-quality models with tool calling capabilities. Normally the models will alter and improve your prompt.

1. Configure your model for native tool calling:
    1. Go to Admin > Settings > Models and choose your model.

>     2. Go to `Advanced Parameters` and toggle `Standard` to `Native`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Go to `Advanced Parameters` and toggle `Function Calling` to `Native`.
```

I don't see a setting called "standard", is this it?
